M Gmail
bb m <bewty980219@gmail.com>
Vacating instructions - 1803/243 Franklin Street, Melbourne VIC 3000
Sylvia Hao - Areal Property Hawthorn (MPM) <MPM@email.propertyme.com>
Reply to: Sylvia Hao - Areal Property Hawthorn (MPM) <MPM@email.propertyme.com>
To: Podjana Tienmon <bewty980219@gmail.com>
A/REAL
Dear Chawakorn,
Fri, 11 Jul at 5:13 pm
You have recently been issued a notice to vacate by the property owner, with a required move-out
date of 14/07/2025.
To facilitate a smooth and efficient vacating process, we kindly ask you to carefully review and follow
the instructions provided below.
Final Payments:
Your rental status is currently paid to the 22/07/2025 with $0.00 on account.
A payment of $0.00 is due and payable prior to you vacating the property for the period up to the
14/07/2025.
Where to return keys: Please return keys & a copy of any cleaning receipts to our office at 33
Camberwell Road, Hawthorn East Vic 3123 between office hours. We are open Monday to Friday
between 8.30am – 5.30pm during office hours. Please note, that if keys are not returned on or before
the vacate date, rent will continue to be charged at the daily rate.
Power Connection: We recommend keeping the power connected for three business days after you
return your keys. This will allow the final inspection to be completed with the power on. If the power
is disconnected, we will need to establish a new connection, which may delay the bond return.
Final Inspection: We will conduct a final inspection of the property within 3 business days of the
keys being returned. You are invited to attend the final inspection. If you would like to attend, please
let me know ASAP so I can arrange a suitable time with you.
Bond Return: To ensure a speedy return of your bond, please return the property in its original
condition, less normal wear and tear. You can expect your bond to be returned within 10 business
days. For clarity on property expectations and to expedite the bond return process, please refer to
the attached "Move out guide & tips to get your bond back."
Utility Cancelation: Ensure that you contact all your utility providers to advise your intended vacate
date. Any bills or charges incurred after your vacate date will be your responsibility.
Cleaning: We kindly ask that you leave the property in a clean and tidy state, as outlined in the
rental agreement & as per the in-going condition report. To assist with the cleaning process, we have
attached the document labelled "Vacate cleaning guide" to help you or your preferred cleaner.
Keys and Property Access: Please ensure that all keys, remotes, and other access devices provided
to you are returned to the office and signed back in by your vacate date. Any unreturned or lost items
will need to be replaced at your expense. Do not leave keys in the letterbox due to the risk of theft.
Renters are responsible for replacing locks and keys if they are stolen from the letterbox.
If you have any questions or need clarification on any of the above points, please don't hesitate to
reach out.
Warm regards,
Sylvia Hao
Relationship Manager
sylvia.hao@areal.com.au
0420 675 561
If you have any feedback regarding my service, please feel free to contact my
manager.
Jamie Ong (Head of Property Management) jamie.ong@areal.com.au
DISCLAIMER & WARNING. This correspondence and the information contained in this and associated e-mails are
confidential and were only intended for the exclusive use of the addressee(s). If you have received this e-mail in error, any
use, copying or inference with this information is unauthorized and prohibited and please immediately delete it and any related
attachments or emails from your system and its related sub system and notify the sender. You must never copy, disclose,
make conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the business of the Areal Property and shall be
understood as neither given nor approved or agreed by it. Although Areal Property has taken reasonable precautions to
ensure no viruses are present in this e-mail, Areal Property cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage arising from
the use of this e-mail or attachments.
Click to unsubscribe from future email communication
Vacate Cleaning Guide.docx, Move out guide & tips to get your bond back.docx
